Terminology page reorganization and other suggestions from KE (#50)
csc-training/geocomputing_course: materials/terminology.md

While for some there might be differences, the terms "computing cluster", "High Performance Computer (HPC)" and "supercomputer" are also often used interchangeably.
:::

The term **HPC system** is a stand-alone resource for computationally intensive workloads. 
They are typically comprised of a multitude of integrated processing and
storage elements, designed to handle high volumes of data and/or large numbers of floating-point
operations ([FLOPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLOPS)) with the highest possible performance. 

To support these constraints, an HPC resource must exist in a specific, fixed location: networking

> cables can only stretch so far, and electrical and optical signals can travel only so fast.

Reviewer: **Supercomputer** is for computationally intensive workloads with the highest possible performance, designed to handle big volumes of data. It typically includes computational devices, networking devices and storage devices.
To support these constraints, a supercomputer must exist in a specific, fixed location: networking cables can only stretch so far, and electrical and optical signals can travel only so fast.

Reviewer: Sorry this went wrong now, but I would replace rows 9-15 and 27 with this.

Author: Let me think about this for a moment. Will send another PR with an update regarding this text later. So we can merge this  one for now.

> **CPUs** are a computer’s tool for actually running programs and calculations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CPUs** (central processing unit) are a computer’s processor for actually running programs and calculations. 
```

> A Graphical Processing Units (**GPU**) does certain linear algebra operations extremely efficiently, such as those encountered when processing computer graphics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GPU** (graphical processing unit) does certain linear algebra operations extremely efficiently, such as those encountered when processing computer graphics. Widely used also in deep learning.
```

Author: Maybe something more like they speed up model training in deep learning ?

Author: Updated the suggestion
